PYTHON-4147: RuntimeError fix: Check for explicit runtime error message (#1486)
mongodb/mongo-python-driver: doc/changelog.rst

    >>> orjson.dumps({'a': Int64(1)}, default=json_util.default, option=orjson.OPT_PASSTHROUGH_SUBCLASS)

.. _orjson: https://github.com/ijl/orjson

> - Fixed a bug appearing in Python 3.12 where :attr:`RuntimeError: can't create new thread at interpreter shutdown`

Reviewer: remove `:attr` and replace the backticks with "?

>   fires when a MongoClient's :class:`PeriodicExecutor` thread starts as the python interpreter is shutting down.

Reviewer: `fires` -> `could be written to stderr`

Author: ```suggestion
  could be written to stderr when a MongoClient's :class:`PeriodicExecutor` thread starts as the python interpreter is shutting down.
```

>   could be written to stderr when a MongoClient's :class:`PeriodicExecutor` thread starts as the python interpreter is shutting down.

Reviewer: We can remove PeriodicExecutor here since it's private.
